Issues/20 (#29)
trulysimple/tsargp: packages/docs/pages/docs/library/options.mdx

The `options` attribute is the set of option definitions for the command, and is required. You may
also specify a (non-asynchronous) callback that returns the option definitions (this allows the
implementation of [recursive commands](../guides/commands.mdx)).

<Callout type="warning">
  All incoming arguments will be parsed using the option definitions from this attribute, not those
  in which the option was declared. Hence, you should make it clear in the help message that all
  arguments pertaining to the command must be specified _after_ it.
</Callout>

### Flag option

The **flag** option is unique in the sense that it is both niladic and has an intrinsic value
(boolean). It differs from the [boolean option](#boolean-option) in that it does _not_ expect a
parameter, although it may have the [required](#required) or the
[default value](#default-value--callback) attribute for a `boolean{:ts}` data type, as well as the
following (optional) attribute.

<Callout type="info">
  We could have reused the boolean option for this purpose and made the parameter optional, but it
  would complicate the parser implementation. One benefit of this limitation is that it avoids

>   ambiguity about whether arguments are positional or not (e.g., in `-f 1`, is `1` a parameter to

Author: ```suggestion
  ambiguity about whether arguments are positional or not (e.g., in `-f 1`, would `1` be a parameter to
```
